Our main economic problem is also not memory, but something to fix urban
The construction of the komunites is highly powerful
And I hope to improve this coal пе
In order to promote the nation, we absolutely need the private funds.
Therefore, the government is working hard for the growth of the people.
The range of activities of our people in the company has been greatly expanded.
And the responsibility has become heavier.
Now, the growth of the population is absolutely necessary for the success of the war and construction.
Therefore, we will work hard to strengthen the vaccine in the long-term,
and we will also work on the basic maintenance of the national security system and medical systems.
I would like to return to the previous point.
The government has approved the budget and the destruction of the law.
We hope that the government will immediately give the budget.
So, in the name of dungeon,
we ask for a stretching
and sincere breathing for the 2019
We must give thanks from the bottom of our hearts to the husbandry of pirate ships.